README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="branding" width="192" src="./data/icons/color.svg">
</p>
<h1 align="center">Tooth</h1>
<h4 align="center">A GTK Mastodon Client</h4>
<p align="center">
  <br />
    <a href="./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.1-1970e3.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=A2C4FA" alt="COC" /></a>
    <a href="./LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LICENSE-GPL--3.0-1970e3.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=A2C4FA" alt="GPL-3.0" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <img alt="screenshot of the tooth app showing the flap/sidebar" height="512" src="https://i.imgur.com/c6zeCvp.png">
    <img alt="screenshot of the tooth app showing the home timeline" height="512" src="https://i.imgur.com/DOAV9nh.png">
</p>

> This is a fork of the now archived [Tootle](https://github.com/bleakgrey/tootle).

### Building From Source

1. Make sure you have these dependencies:

    Package Name | Required Version
    :--- |---:|
    meson | 0.56
    valac | 0.48
    libglib-2.0-dev | 2.30
    libjson-glib-dev | 1.4.4
    libxml2-dev | 2.9.10
    libgee-0.8-dev | 0.8.5
    libsoup2.4-dev | 2.64
    libgtk-4-dev | 4.3.0
    libadwaita-1.0-dev | 1.2.0
    libsecret-1-dev | 0.20


2. Run `install.sh` in the project directory. The app will launch automatically on success.


## Contributing

1. Read the [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
2. Fork it ( https://github.com/GeopJr/Tooth/fork )
3. Create your feature branch (git checkout -b my-new-feature)
4. Commit your changes (git commit -am 'Add some feature')
5. Push to the branch (git push origin my-new-feature)
6. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

Add packaging status to README.md
- Add packaging status to README.md
- Add a [repology](https://repology.org/project/tooth/badges) badge

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="branding" width="192" src="./data/icons/color.svg">
</p>
<h1 align="center">Tooth</h1>
<h4 align="center">A GTK Mastodon Client</h4>
<p align="center">
  <br />
    <a href="./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.1-1970e3.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=A2C4FA" alt="COC" /></a>
    <a href="./LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LICENSE-GPL--3.0-1970e3.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=A2C4FA" alt="GPL-3.0" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <img alt="screenshot of the tooth app showing the flap/sidebar" height="512" src="https://i.imgur.com/c6zeCvp.png">
    <img alt="screenshot of the tooth app showing the home timeline" height="512" src="https://i.imgur.com/DOAV9nh.png">
</p>

> This is a fork of the now archived [Tootle](https://github.com/bleakgrey/tootle).

### Building From Source

1. Make sure you have these dependencies:

    Package Name | Required Version
    :--- |---:|
    meson | 0.56
    valac | 0.48
    libglib-2.0-dev | 2.30
    libjson-glib-dev | 1.4.4
    libxml2-dev | 2.9.10
    libgee-0.8-dev | 0.8.5
    libsoup2.4-dev | 2.64
    libgtk-4-dev | 4.3.0
    libadwaita-1.0-dev | 1.2.0
    libsecret-1-dev | 0.20


2. Run `install.sh` in the project directory. The app will launch automatically on success.

### Installing via package

Tooth is available as a package on various platforms.

[![Packaging status](https://repology.org/badge/vertical-allrepos/tooth.svg)](https://repology.org/project/tooth/versions)

## Contributing

1. Read the [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
2. Fork it ( https://github.com/GeopJr/Tooth/fork )
3. Create your feature branch (git checkout -b my-new-feature)
4. Commit your changes (git commit -am 'Add some feature')
5. Push to the branch (git push origin my-new-feature)
6. Create a new Pull Request
